Add distribution constructor documentation (#106)
OpenIndiana/oi-docs: docs/dev/distribution-constructor.md

The Initial Writer of the Original Documentation is Alasdair Lumsden 2011.
All Rights Reserved.

Portions created by Alexander Pyhalov are Copyright (C) 2019.

-->

<img src = "../../Openindiana.png">

# Using distribution constructor

Distribution constructor allows you to build OpenIndiana installation images (iso and usb).

Creating images is straight forward.
To create image, install distribution-constructor, then create distribution constructor mainfest based on existing one.

```bash
mkdir distro-const
cd distro-const
pfexec pkg install install/distribution-constructor
cp /usr/share/distro_const/slim_cd/slim_cd_x86.xml .
pfexec distro_const build slim_cd_x86.xml
```

Distribution constructor will create image with packages, specified in ``<packages>`` attribute, using ``<build_area>`` for storing files.
Final images will be located in ``media`` directory under ``<build_area>``.
Distribution constructor logs will be available in ``logs`` directory.

OpenIndiana ships three variant of images: image for desktops with Mate-based GUI, image with set of packages for typical server with text installer and image with minimal set of packages with text installer.

> Ecah image is described by own distribution constructor manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each image is described by it's own distribution constructor manifest.
```
